Aim: To provide a grading system for players with
regards to the likelihood that they are cheating.

Method: There are 5 main points of information that
can be used to aid in identifying cheaters, that are:
	-IP relationship to known cheaters
	-Rating progress
	-Blur rate
	-Perfection of moves (computer analysis)
	-Standard Distribution of move times

The relationship to known cheaters is boolean, so 
points are either allocated or not.

	IPpoints ~ IF IP relationship to known engine

The rating progress is dependant on the win rate,
RD, and opponent ratings. This system is to be improved.
Currently is is a linear relationship with rating increase.

	RIpoints ~ Increase in rating

Points assigned for blur rate is a square relationship
with the proportion of blurs to moves, where the 
proportion is 0 -> 1. This is so players with less
blurs fall off faster.

	BLpoints ~ blur rate ^ 2

Perfection of moves is harder to quantify. 0 inaccuracies,
0 mistakes, and 0 blunders will obviously be assigned the
maximum amounts of points, but at what rate will points
be diminished?

This approach shown here starts each game with 1 point
(the maximum possible), then subtracts the proportion
of each type of error (0 -> 1) from the starting value 
using different coefficients for each.

	CApoints ~ 1 - error rate

The relationship between move time and probability
of cheating is the most complicated process in this system.
By inspection, players who have more consistent move times
have a higher likelihood of cheating. The more consistent
a players move time, the lower the standard distribution (SD)
of move times.

However, for fast games, even a legitimate players SD
will be relatively low. And in long games, a cheaters SD
can be elevated. Using this knowledge, this system
uses the ratio of SD / Mean (average) to determine if a player
is likely cheating. This value is then 

	SDpoints ~ ( 1 - SD / Mean ) ^ 2

These points are then added together with different weights
to each to give an overall Cheat Index.